h1. Inspira Blog Engine

Welcome!

This is the Inspira Blog engine - Web.Generics sample application.

We wanted to create a sample Application to Web.Generics in order to show how 
to use it in a real-word project. We think that this is the best way to learn 
quickly about Web.Generics

We had the idea to create a series of blog posts describing the whole development
process to make it easier to understand the motivations around the project and
how the code is being evoluted.

Then we had an insane idea: why not publish the blog posts about the blog engine 
in the engine itself? I mean... something like a meta-blog. I know, this is kinda
weird... why reinvent the wheel and not use (the excellent) WordPress or something 
similar?

The answer is simple: use the blog engine to publish posts about the development 
of the blog engine itself will force us to develop it in an iterative way, and 
really prioritize! We need to start small and aggregate the most important features 
steadily. Something like this:

# Only show this blog post, in a static HTML file
# User stories, release planning and BDD/TDD
# Read the post from a database, without management, and the user who created it
# Allow the visitor to write and read comments
# Categories and tags
# Print version, RSS and share in social networks
# Tag cloud
# Blogger dashboard
# Allow the visitors to register, logon and other identity tasks
# Allow the users to create blogs for them
# Allow users to invite others to write posts in their blogs
# Administrative area

We plan to use Kanban-like continuous flow, reduce the work in progress to a 
minimum and inspect the bottlenecks to improve the process.

h2. Project goals

* To show you how we develop software and promote the exchange of ideas (we would love to receive feedback from you)
* To gain experience in some of the best practices in the software industry, like BDD, wireframes, User Stories, Scrum, SOLID and so on
* The blog will use [Web.Generics] as a framework, so we want to promote Web.Generics and use the blog as a sample application
* We will use it as the official blog engine for Web.Generics
  
Project constraints and assumptions:
 
* 100% written in English (blog + documentation)
* Requirements will be written as User Stories 
* Use Behavior-Driven Development and Domain Driven Design
* Be agile, deploy continuously and get feedback quickly
* Use ASP.NET MVC 3 and Microsoft.NET Framework 4

We hope you will enjoy the ride!

The Web.Generics team

-------------s